Add option to specify custom location of `.scalafmt.conf` for `fmt` command. (#1227)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/fmt.md

- If a `.scalafmt.conf` file is present in the workspace and it has the field defined, the value will be read from there, unless explicitly specified with Scala CLI options.
- Otherwise, the default `scalafmt` **version** will be the latest one used by your Scala CLI version (so it is subject to change when updating Scala CLI). The default **dialect** will be inferred based on Scala version (defined explicitly by `-S` option, or default version if option would not be passed).

> It is possible to pass configuration as a string directly from the command line, using `--scalafmt-conf-str` option. If the configuration is passed this way, Scala CLI behaves exactly the same as it would find `.scalafmt.conf` with specified configuration in the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to pass the configuration as a string directly from the command line, using `--scalafmt-conf-str` option. If the configuration is passed this way, Scala CLI will behave exactly the same as if it would find the specified configuration in a `.scalafmt.conf` file in the workspace.
```

- In the **first** case `fmt` uses the found `.scalafmt.conf` file to run `scalafmt`.
- In the **second** case `fmt` [infers](/docs/commands/fmt#scalafmt-version-and-dialect) missing parameters, writes them directly into the previously found file and then uses this file to run `scalafmt`.
- In the **third** case `fmt` creates a `.scalafmt.conf` file in the current workspace directory, writes [inferred](/docs/commands/fmt#scalafmt-version-and-dialect) version and dialect into it and uses it to run `scalafmt`.

:::note

> If the configuration is passed in the `--scalafmt-conf-str` option, Scala CLI behaves exactly the same as it would find `.scalafmt.conf` with specified configuration in the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the configuration is passed in the `--scalafmt-conf-str` option, Scala CLI will behave exactly the same as if it would find the specified configuration in a `.scalafmt.conf` file in the workspace.
```
